Now let's talk about Python data types.
Here are a number of examples.
I'll just execute that so
you can see them.
First of all, x up there is an integer,
y is called a float,
that's a real number,
it's got a fractional part.
And z is a string, a string of characters.
z1 is also a string,
it's a string of digits.
z2 is a string of digits as well.
Here is a list, it's a list of vowels.
Here, a list of numbers.
Actually, it's a list of strings
each of which is a number string.
Here is another list, and
this is a list of strings.
Twas brillig and slithy toves.
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe,
so it has two strings in it.
Here is a boolean that's true,
here's a boolean that's false.
Now generally speaking, you've gotta
be a little bit careful about these.
For example, if you're trying to add z1+2,
it can't convert it.
That's because z1 is a string.
I can actually do that if I change z1 to
an integer, then I can do it that way.
Also, if you take,
let's write z1 is that, z2 is that.
Now z1 + z2, what's going to happen there?
Well, those are not integers and
they're not floating point numbers,
so they won't add as numbers.
They won't give me 70.
They'll give me a string,
which consists of z1 followed by z2.
Now I want to add those two as
numbers, I can do it this way.
Often you can convert
from one type to another.
So if I want to take y,
convert it to a string,
I just apply the string function.
I can do the same thing with x, but
I can't do that with z,
because that's a walrus.
I can't convert the walrus and
the carpenter to a string.